this is a very peculiar and musical
instrument this is a symphonic width
Holland it's a joke but not here this is
sometimes an evening is much funnier
than you thought but this is a symphonic
wibbit it's a who a musical for a
musical and normally it's played by the
percussionists in the orchestra they
send in the back of the orchestra behind
the tenors
q your fantasy you have they said like
this of course and what's happening this
distillate can order the more it is this
heroic tenor this Domingo starts to sing
very high very very very loud and at
that moment the moment you Pam the
percussionist strikes
and thus during the performance the
Canora castrato was born and it's
illegal
nowadays yeah it's too bad used to be
very beautiful
Gerald rolling was nothing compared to a
but we have found music and gustatory my
handle and you know that piece by
handles it's a very old piece by Chinese
art even here in themselves
Oh